This is a solo programming language project.

But programming languages are enormous endeavors that need many people
to get anywhere. So why take it on alone?

First off, no-one is building the thing I want. The purpose of this
diary is to try and describe what I want and why, so I will talk more
about that later.

Second, it is relaxing. I enjoy collaborating with other programmers,
especially ones with radically different perspectives on the world than
mine. But to be productive we need to share an objective.
Most programmers do not have quite the same objective.
They have something else they want.
The result is debate, and I find debate an entirely awful way to build
new things. Even when we can arrive at agreement, by the
time we get there I am drained and have no more programming in me.
When exploring the space of new things there is no shortage of
difficulty. It is easy to get lost, distracted, or confused by nothing
more than nature itself. You do not need conflicting goals making it
worse. My style is collaboration, not combat.

Open source public development is always debate, so I am not interested
in open sourcing this until it is long enough I along I do not have to
argue with anyone. It is too painful. If I could find a collaborator
with similar goals I would work with them, but I have not met one yet.

That said, open source is important to me. I have benefited greatly
from the existence of open source software (though never from being
able to butt in with my opinions and desires in the development process)
and I want to give back. I doubt this work will ever mean to someone
what BSD, GCC, and Linux did to me when I was young, but it is what I
have to offer.

So that is why the project, but why the diary? I do not usually write
like this when building sofware. The reason is a diary is a small eng
review. I have to sell my plans in markdown against strawmen. Of course
to do it well my straw-people have to good representations of reasonable
alternatives, but I am cursed with the classic Economist "on the other
hand" style of thinking.

You probably do not want to read this. This is designed to be
write-only, but more than that, if you do not agree with the set
of axioms I am bringing to this project

- garbage collection
- minimal orthogonal feature set
- as close to Go as possible

you will not find the justifications in here satisfying. Those are given,
what I write here is to try and justify what I build from here.
